Add for-end-users section in Milkomeda Rollup Docs (#8)
dcSpark/milkomeda-documentation: docs/algorand/for-end-users/obtaining-test-algo.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
---
import myAlgoWallet from "@site/static/img/myalgowallet.png";
import mnemonicphrase from "@site/static/img/mnemonicphrase.png";
import algoDispenser from "@site/static/img/algorand-dispenser.png";
import algoWalletDashboard from "@site/static/img/algorand-wallet-dashboard.png";

# Configuring Algorand Wallet and obtaining Test ALGO
<p style={{textAlign:"justify"}}>

> In order to interact with the **Milkomeda Algorand Rollup bridge**, you need to configure native Algorand Wallet. We recommend using MyAlgo wallet to setup a testnet wallet compatible with the Milkomeda A1 bridge (required to move funds between Algorand testnet and the Rollup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to interact with the **Milkomeda Algorand Rollup Bridge**, you need to configure a native Algorand wallet. We recommend using MyAlgo wallet to setup a testnet wallet compatible with the Milkomeda A1 Bridge.
```

> <h4>Configuring myAlgo Wallet</h4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h4>Configuring Your MyAlgo Wallet</h4>
```

> First, go to https://wallet.myalgo.com/new-account and after accepting the _Terms of Service_ click _Continue_ to start configuring your wallet. In the next step you will be asked to create a password. Then you should **create a new randomly generated account**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, go to <a href="https://wallet.myalgo.com/new-account">https://wallet.myalgo.com/new-account</a>. After accepting the _Terms of Service_ click _Continue_ to start configuring your wallet. In the next step you will be asked to create a password. Then you should **create a new randomly generated account**.
```

<img src={myAlgoWallet} className="img-full" alt="" />

> In the next step, you will be asked to save the Mnemonic Phrase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next step you will be asked to save the Mnemonic Phrase.
```

<img src={mnemonicphrase} className="img-full" alt="" />

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Info
```

> Remember to take note of the following Mnemonic Phrase words in the correct order. They make the recovery phrase for your new account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to take note of the following Mnemonic Phrase words in the correct order. They are the recovery phrase for your new account. 
```

:::

> :::caution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::Caution
```

Do not share these words with anyone! These words can be used to steal all your funds.
:::

> Once Mnemonic Phrase has been successfully verified, your MyAlgo wallet has been configured and all that's left is to name your wallet with any name of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've successfully verified the Mnemonic Phrase your MyAlgo wallet has been configured and all that's left to do is to give your wallet a name of your choosing.
```

<h4>Obtaining Test ALGO</h4>

> To interact with Bridge dApp you need to have ALGO tokens (tALGO tokens on devnet). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interact with the Bridge dApp you need to have ALGO tokens (tALGO tokens on devnet). 
```

Reviewer: They're not actually called "tALGO" on the testnet they're just called ALGO

Reviewer: Also, in these instructions you never told the user to switch the wallet to the testnet.

To start we recommend getting some testnet ALGO from the official testnet dispenser [https://testnet.algoexplorer.io/dispenser](https://testnet.algoexplorer.io/dispenser).

<img src={algoDispenser} className="img-full" alt="" />

> Enter your newly created Algorand address and after waiting a few minutes (usually 2 minutes or less), you should be able to see some tALGO in your Algorand Testnet wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter your newly created Algorand address and after waiting a minute or two (typically less than 2 minutes), you should see some testnet ALGO in your Algorand Testnet wallet.
```

<img src={algoWalletDashboard} className="img-full" alt="" />

> Next we will set up **MetaMask Wallet** and get an address on the **Milkomeda A1 Algorand Rollup.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next we will set up a **MetaMask Wallet** and get an address on the **Milkomeda | Algorand A1 Rollup.**
```
